Make surrounding pair docs clearer (#1287)
cursorless-dev/cursorless: docs/user/README.md

##### Surrounding pair

Cursorless has support for expanding the selection to the nearest containing paired delimiter, eg the surrounding parentheses, curly brackets, etc.

- `"take round"` expands selection to include containing parentheses `(` and `)`

> - `"take curly"` expands selection to include containing parentheses `{` and `}`
> - `"take box"` expands selection to include containing parentheses `[` and `]`. See [paired delimiters](#paired-delimiters) for other possible surrounding pairs.

Author: ```suggestion
- `"take curly"` expands selection to include containing braces `{` and `}`
- `"take box"` expands selection to include containing brackets `[` and `]`. See [paired delimiters](#paired-delimiters) for other possible surrounding pairs.
```
